How is Dad doing now?
When you wake up, how often will you turn your eyes and pass by in exchange for the bellfish you brought?
Dad has already moved away. You can take shelter from the wind and take care of yourself first.
What if it wasn't for Zishui? I'll take the money. Thank you.
After giving birth, I will chase you wherever you go.
please young lady
In ramen you are sick now
Be sure to replenish more nutrients
I've eaten
It took a long time to eat
It's like having a drink
on that first day
A piece of water with a portion for you to eat
He also said you were full
Dad, life is not hard
It’s not hard for me to have a bully at all
Is that so heartfelt? It’s really touching.